hi so this new post-apocalyptic movie
run by kids seems to be delayed longer
than the Carter five because the none of
the producers got the memo that this
ended like three years ago it's yet
again another one of those movies where
the kids are the only ones who can save
the world they always look like Disney
Channel models even though they have
been showered in weeks and this one
actually has roof from The Hunger Games
who's given her everything everything to
be the lead even if it didn't work for
me it takes a little from the x-men
since these kids all seem to have
superpowers and considering that babies
just stopped being born in this timeline
they kind of try to take a little bit of
a children of men and make a make a
version for kids which is really ironic
let me explain so ruby is this girl who
gets picked up by Mandy Moore who's out
to rescue her and takes a walk with her
which anyone would be happy to remember
but then this girl just dips she runs
into the most diverse lead cast set of
individuals who all have their own
powers this guy clearly saw Chronicle
this girl with the Doctor Strange gloves
is motion shocked and this guy literally
says he wears glasses cuz he's a smart
guy even even though that's not how that
works actually none of the costumes in
this movie actually make any sense
there's a scene where this chick
randomly comes out on a prom dress for
no reason so besides the fact that
forever21 is showcasing their fall line
a little early in this movie you got
these kids on the run because the whole
government's after them because they
want to test them and use them as
subjects freakin Brienne of Tarth is
even sent after them but since Ruby's
power is to read and control minds she's
able to manipulate people and at one
point even sense captain phasma on a
never-ending cane walk until she starves
herself to death which it I'll be
straight this movie keeps everything
pretty much PG but this move right here
was straight G my only thing with this
is that ruby has these dope powers in
the movie could be very interesting but
a lot of the issues with the young adult
genre I guess if you want to call it is
that they make it it's like the little
tight demographic like this movie has a
scene where a full-grown man guns down a
bunch of children who are trying to
escape as they reenact a scene from
x-men and yet somehow eighth grade was
scarier than their apocalypse the big
issue here is that ruby is worried about
her parents because she's just straight
Thanos herself out of her parents
memories like that movie The Forgotten
just BAM completely wiped like Annie
relies
and somehow she can't reverse that so
she's struggling with this immense power
that she has in her I love that this
girl can instantly read memories out of
everything she touches like that's how
powerful she is objects people doesn't
even matter if she's asleep yet this
girl be touching a lot of things she's
just fine here and there they then find
some producers kids who are cast and at
first I thought hey you know they just
arrived at Riot Fest but it turns out
that these kids have gentrified the damn
apocalypse it turns out that the
president's son who everyone thought was
a traitor actually has similar powers to
Ruby and he's doing all that he can to
gather all the kids and do his best to
better help it come on you know let's do
is a liar look at this guy he'd cheat in
a game of foosball and I'd be lying if I
didn't say that someone in the theater
took a nap towards the end of the movie
which made it really hard to concentrate
but from what I gathered they saved the
day by the end of it it's clear that
producers in Hollywood still don't
understand that for young adult
audiences the apocalypse shouldn't be
about taking showers and still looking
great dancing out in the moonlight as
you fall in love as you're camping under
the stars because that's electric fest
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
like I said this was I caught this early
in the morning you know movie passing
working anymore went over there got that
AMC stubs list trying to get this thing
because I had missed a couple of
screenings for it but I'm here so know
your thoughts on this movie um I don't
know if anyone's still watching young
adult movies if you actually read the
book or whatever had to do with it
curious no lemon-aid thoughts on below
in the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I will
personally produce and make sure that a
divergent four is funded